Expires ?Mon, 04 Feb 2019 03:08:02 GMT

The date and time the response is considered stale.

Date ?Mon, 04 Feb 2019 03:08:02 GMT

The date and time the request was sent.

Cache-Control ?private, max-age=0, must-revalidate, no-transform

Gives the parameters for how and if the object can be cached. Private means that it can only be used by a single user and can't be stored by another cache.
max-age=0 specifies that the request will be considered fresh for 1 second. must-revalidate specifies that the cache should only use the resources if they aren't stale.
no-transforms specifies that no transforms or conversions can be made to the resource.

ETag ?"IUREzboS_XZycecz4xfru1ipYfo/QzqPJJTdSZGEl1ZyBZXSGQUa_2Y"

ETag returns the version of the resource being used, usually in a digest.

Vary ?Origin
Vary ?X-Origin

The vary header simply specifies where to retrieve data from if it hasn't already been cached. In this case, it's told just to recache from the origin.

Content-Type ?application/json; charset=UTF-8

Content type specifies what the media type of the resource is. In this case, it's a json application, using the UTF-8 characters.

Content-Encoding ?gzip

Specifies how the media type will be compressed. In this case it's through a gzip (originally a UNIX gzip program).

X-Content-Type-Options ?nosniff

Stops the MIME types from the content type headers from being changed in anyway. Also specifies that they must always be followed. 
Nosniff specifically blocks style requests that don't have text/css types and blocks script requests without JavaScript MIME types.

X-Frame-Options ?SAMEORIGIN

Specifies which frame the page is to be viewed in. In this case, it's only allowed to use a frame that's on the same origin of the actual page itself.

X-XSS-Protection ?1; mode=block

Stops the page from loading when it detects a cross site scripting attack. Will prevent the rendering of the page if it detects an attack.

Server ?GSE

Specifies that GSE is the software that will handle the requests.

Alt-Svc ?quic=":443"; ma=2592000; v="44,43,39"

Lists an alternate method of the reaching the website, in this case it's through another port.

Transfer-Encoding ?chunked

Specifies that data be sent in multiple chunks to transfer data to the user.